# CS839-Final-Project
Contains screenshots, .usda files, the readme, the write up, the code, and the build tree for Stephen Carey's final project for CS 839. I recommend beginning with the ProjectReport.pdf
About the content:

BounceCutaway.usda: shows a low resolution sphere generated by Isosurface Stuffing bouncing off the ground plane, sliced to view the inside of the mesh.

BounceSphere1.png: a low resolution screenshot of a sphere whose mesh was generated by Isosurface Stuffing rendered mid bounce using the GroundCollision2 software

BounceSphereCut1.png: Shows the inside of a low-resolution sphere's mesh.

BounceSphereCut2.png: Shows the inside of a low-resolution sphere's mesh mid bounce.

CutBox.png: Demonstrates using a "subtract" binary operation to generate a mesh.

Desk.usda: a single frame of a high-resolution object generated by Isosurface Stuffing.

HollowBall.usda: a simulation of a low resolution bouncing sphere with the inside removed using a subtract binary operation.

HollowBounceSphere.png: a screenshot of the hollow sphere mid bounce.

OutsideSphere.png: shows visual artifacts resulting from interior triangles that have been falsely labelled as exterior.

ProblemSphere.png: camera placed inside a sphere to show visual artifacts from mislabelling of interior triangles more clearly.

ProjectReport.pdf: a writeup of the Isosurface Stuffing project.

SmallBounce.usda: the simulation of a low-resolution sphere bouncing off the ground plane.

SphereMeshMisaligned.png: shows mislabelled interior triangles by looking only at the wireframe.

SphereUnion.png: a mesh generated using the "union" binary operation of two spheres to generate a more complex distance function

TableFalling.usda: a 100 frame simulation of a complicated object, generated by Isosurface Stuffing of a non-trivial distance function, falling and bouncing.

TableMesh.png: a high-resolution mesh showing isosurface stuffing's performance on a more complicated object.
